gh-127255: Make `CopyComPointer` public and add to `ctypes` doc. (#127275)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ctypes.rst

   It behaves similar to ``pointer(obj)``, but the construction is a lot faster.

.. function:: CopyComPointer(src, dst)

   Copies a COM pointer from *src* to *dst* and returns the Windows specific
   :c:type:`!HRESULT` value.

   If *src* is not ``NULL``, its ``AddRef`` method is called, incrementing the
   reference count.

>    In contrast, even if *dst* is not ``NULL``, its reference count will not be
>    decremented before assigning the new value.  You need to call its ``Release``
>    to free it appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In contrast, the reference count of *dst* will not be decremented before
   assigning the new value. In particuloar, the caller is responsible for
   decrementing the reference count by calling its ``Release`` method when
   necessary.
```
